why should Trump, for example, make any
concessions to Putin Why But I'm not saying
that he
will go Nothing is clear here, it's still unclear,
but this is all talk, it's all in the fog,
so how are you going to
win But here There is no difference, well,
Trump will go Well, what  we want then we will
achieve Well at least Donetsk Lugansk
will be liberated yes what in the plan
I say that initially our conversation
VN Well Kherson Yes this is
included this is this is the problem
Yes
hello Hello
Where are you from Well this is
where
Putin is from what city
Pskov Cool Where are you from what do you communicate
I don't know, topics are being thrown up, let's
talk, how do you feel about the fact that in the third
year, at the end of the third year, Ukraine is
taking out oil refineries
even deep in Russia without
problems. How should I feel about this?
Well, do you think that this is
natural or is someone in Russia simply
sabotaging it?  protection of these as it is kime
Ukrainian
drones fly by No no one is sabotaging
here territory you know our
Russian Well everything can't be done like this in a circle
so that nothing  something
flew in, something flew in. Yes,
here no one denies it. But
maybe our authorities deny it, but you
know it. Yes, how
it explodes, they
also deny it. I don’t know. They also have everything
shot down, but it also
explodes differently. We are a small country
without air defense. And so on. Yes.  but how is Russia I
just don't understand I thought in Russia Air defense
Air defense there
right Yes there is no territory you understand Russia
or not but how is it that it is
impossible you can't close all this
here is an elementary answer You understand
the territory and how is it possible Well the
country does not have the resource Well that is
close I don't know what even Ukraine Yes,
how many systems do you need at least
Yes, from missiles Yes, roughly speaking, there are
either 80 systems or 100 Yes, well, and for
Russia, well, consider it
Well, many times more, many times more, no Well, we don't  we
say close there, you don't have
attacks in Kamchatka and so on. Yes,
here, where the fighting is going on, it's
just that drones are flying, they
don't have such a range, if they tried
there, it would probably be easier to
fly, yes, or I think that soon  Well,
the radius is unlikely to do this because
then the warhead
will actually carry nothing because the entire mass on the
fuel will be very voluminous
No, it doesn't seem to me Most likely
Most likely there will be more will be a launch
somewhere from the
Pacific space do
you mean from  some
unequipped
not where did it fly from here it's here We need to
figure it out Well probably people are literate
they will figure out where it flew from 3
years in the summary it is always indicated Well
there roughly speaking there Primorsko Aktarsk I don't
know and so
on where the launches were carried out
correctly lyu No
Gee here I can person not  advanced But
people should understand this, that
is, the military understood But I can’t
understand why Russia If it knows where to
launch from Russia has the technical
capabilities to destroy the launch sites in the
production sites why
can’t it
do this Why is it systematically
trying And how do you suppose to
destroy  Ukraine too
Sorry not a small country
as you
imply No well I have some
centers where they
produce Well the center Yes there are strikes
Yes constantly there MOR I don't know there these
strikes are going on and systematic Well at
least  drones you know how they are
launched That is, these are ordinary
mobile installations yes that is, well, there is
nothing here, you can determine
them somewhere Well, and even then, there are no masses, they are always
scattered throughout the country and that is, well, you can
never determine this,
it is incorporeal  such a new era, so to speak,
and it becomes heavier there, it is
easier to detect a missile in a silo because I
agree with you in this, yes But look,
then, in this concept of such a new
war because in fact, yes, now the
War is going on in a way that has never happened before, yes
these are drones fpv drones
like this Yes, how do you see
the prospects of Russia's Victory in general and what
should be a
victory for Russia for Russia Victory Well, the prospect
Well, definitely Well, these will be negotiations in
any case, how they will
end I can't say Well, what
concessions will Zelensky make about
Zelensky  there is no speech here the
same flag you have Yes there
is how they will negotiate these people
so it will be concessions
What Well concessions at least what
we took and what is written in the Constitution
these are the biggest  Here is
the biggest Yes, a case, a case This
will be very difficult to negotiate I don’t know
how this will
happen I think you don’t know and
I don’t think even now and even the
highest Well, how do you think Yes Well, I
understand
that everything is heading towards  because Russia will make
concessions and give the Kursk region to Ukraine
since Ukraine captured Kursk
Kursk region Kursk region Don't
consider this patch, well, this is a small
patch where now, well, Kursk region should
n't be considered as a subject of
negotiations
why does this mean anything at all
regarding Ukraine And how does
Kursk  region Well, let's look at it by the meters,
how much of the Kursk region
has been captured Well, what can this
same field
give up That is, in principle, I'm right,
good And the question And
what is the subject of conversations with
Russia, why the USA and you say You
don't perceive Ukraine as  USA Why should the
US make any concessions to Russia,
look at it from my point of view if You
say that you are not fighting with Ukraine But with the
US then for the US it is generally beneficial yes
Russia is destroying its military and human
potential Yes and the US does not suffer
at all  it  in essence yes yes the
US has always gotten out of the crisis Well and at the
expense of war yes then why why should Trump,
for example, make some concessions to Putin
Why But I'm not saying that he will go
Here nothing is clear it is not clear yes this is a
conversation this is a conversation  fog since you
are going to
win here There is no difference Under M what we
want we will achieve at least Donetsk
Lugansk will be liberated yes what in the
plan I say that initially our
conversation what in the
constitution and how it will be
decided Yes it can also be decided
by continuing the
war believe These  sanctions Yes of course
they can influence but the US will never
interfere in the conflict here are the sanctions Now this is
something moral Well yes yes but everything is possible
Well Russia's potential is also as if your
potential is also
small at least human
right now it is very strong trials pomo
a little here  there will even be a lot of help in a dead end
Yes USA Europe Yes but human potential
again here is a contingent no one NATO no
one will introduce well how to say
about no one will introduce look 2 years
ago they said
these how they are Mercedes no one  will give Yes
nuclear war then they said that
am
water were on A no and there are no options
why and therefore no one introduces it
Continent And why is there no nuclear
war now look at the chickens the best time to
introduce now you understand well the best That's the
time now that's if  if someone could
now
introduce, roughly speaking, new forces and with
new weapons Well, that's it, Russia can be
captured at all, how to do it? No, so
look, uh, Nobody is going to
capture Russia, we won't have
all the potential on the fro, roughly speaking,
you have us  the army is like this now your army
is like this Yes Ukraine doesn't count other
players here we counted other players
Europe and the States Well all this is well rude wow
wait I don't quite understand so
you are now fighting with
NATO we
Yes we are fighting this is not my decision  it's the
same well as if Israel is fighting with Iran
Well that's right that's right then look
let's do it this way
when right when Ukraine as a proxy of
NATO Yes NATO bombs the territory of the Russian
Federation with missiles attacks themselves Yes
it's NATO that's bombing or who's
bombing I can't Well that's how it turns out
Ukraine is bombing I  I can't
answer this  I'm saying I'm not a politician
Well, what kind of conversation do you want to bring up,
what, who are we fighting against? I can't
understand why Russia won't give a
nuclear response now because there were red
lines officially voiced in your
nuclear doctrine Yes, I
would like to, this is the very thing, it is clearly stated  It is clear when
it is Well, in any case it will threaten
the sovereignty of the country,
so
sovereignty is not Well, look They came into the Kursk
region and took away part of your
territories, does it threaten or not threaten the
country's rhinitis Well, tell me, what then is
sovereignty, when it is impossible for the
country Yes, to fulfill, that is, all of its  Well,
that is, the country collapsed. Come on, whose
power extends, you know,
when this is like Terminator, so
roughly speaking, there and in the end, con smo.
Come on, the sovereignty of which state
extends to the city of Sudzha now,
in the sense of sovereignty, we have one state,
Ukraine, the city of Sudzha is now governed
what kind of
country will Russia be governed by? zna
pereva
pereva once again I say that look, it
turns out that part of your sovereignty has already been taken away
your
territory it is indicated as a sovereign
territory of the Russian Federation now
NATO proxy Ukraine took away from your course
Why don't you use nuclear weapons there won't be
you in the Kursk region Well, you yourself
understand well there won't be why look
we've been there for 6 months already more than 6
months soon seven  will be Why don't you
use nuclear weapons Let's say you're there for another 3
months Let's say you're there for half a year Well,
why didn't they hit Kiev with nuclear weapons because
we
attacked the course I'm not asking this again Well, sovereignty, you
understand, let's ask the question If I
understood if  Ukraine attacked Kursk And there is
no need to use nuclear weapons Well NATO NATO
will send troops into Ukraine Why Toda No you
understand let's say you are a person a person
and a mosquito bites
so A mosquito bites or a gun is put to your head
what do you have this very thing
A mosquito bites or a gun goes off
that's like for you Well, more
deadly there are such creepy mosquitoes there
are creepy pistols all sorts of Well,
sovereignty is when Well, that is, on
borders roughly speaking death Yeah, I got it, that
is, okay, the introduction of NATO troops into
Ukraine, well, that won't be the death of
Russia, right? Well, what did you get that they
will be introduced there? Well, look, you
said that NATO is not being introduced because there
will be poison. That's how it is, how the military  or how
How military Yes as a military contingent
for example Well, yes Let him try
No, look And what does nuclear war have to do with it
direct participation direct participation what
and what and that's all on the territory and the
soul rushed away if they will
accept the military We have this too  the most Yes,
there are North Koreans, but they are
not crawling there They are not crawling anywhere on the
territory of our country Well, they
will be on the territory of our Ukraine and Well,
look, NATO troops are entering the Kherson
region, for example,
yes, they will take part, they will accept
and what will you do, you will do
nuclear strike on Washington on Brussels
where I don't know what those Vlad or
what No well what are you talking about we just started with what
because you said that they don't
lead because there will be a nuclear war
then  of course it is if that's what
it will be like this So wait Look when
NATO gave highmore the nuclear war did not
start gave the atom did not start when it
allowed to strike the territory of the Russian
Federation attacks themselves and your
Ministry of Defense officially reports about it
already yes although they said that it
would be red  lines and so on Well, you
understand all this You know, like this, well, at the
end, say
Well, you'll give it to me, you won't give it to
me You won't give it You won't give it Yes, like this, like this, you won't
give it, like this, you tease someone Yes, at
school, probably like this, you  then that's it It's the
same
thing Yeah That is, it turns out that NATO look
I just remember
it hung up it's a pity it was interesting for roasting
it's
different in short let's summarize Now this
will be a red line this is a red line
You see, on the flag this is a red line
now this is a red line this is a red
line  and then Well,
while the Kremlin hasn't launched a nuclear strike on the
Kremlin, then if America launches a
nuclear strike on K, then there will be a nuclear
response, you understand everything, yes, look, at one
time it seemed that the strike on the Crimean
bridge would all be there  NATO was afraid
that in short it was not an escalation, a
provocation, and everything did not become a red
line when the first
storm hit the Belgorod region. Yes, everything is a
red line, then no
one considers the Belgorod region anymore. Yes,
when they entered
Kursk, all the red lines disappeared, the
sovereign territory of the Russian
Federation, this is not even what  -then here
they proclaimed Kherson
and then what they allowed to hit the attacks themselves
on the territory of the Russian Federation, they kept
saying If it happens, it will be a red
line And now the Ministry of Defense is simply
reporting yes, a blow was struck to the attacks
themselves and so on, and that's all, and
therefore the question here is
that  whether or not
Western countries have political will And they are also oriented
towards their electorate And so on Because
giving weapons is one thing Yes, letting
people in there after all some coffins
will blow there and Russia will pump it
anyway yes therefore  let's say it's
being held back from this, but I think that Europe is already
coming to the point that it either needs to
fit into this on this territory
or it will then have to fit into the
territories of the Baltic countries and so on
like
pipska
Hello Vas e T Yes everything is powerful
here let's make it even more powerful for you
so that there is a full Entourage
why is he here for the
entourage No well I understand he has an
additional camera here this is a camera
like this and a camera Agalized like a
cat let's let's I am from the city of
Khmelnitsky Ukraine  Where are you
from? From the city of Khmelnitsky, Ukraine Yes
And
where are you from? I am from the city of Saint Petersburg,
Russia Khmelnitsky Why do you have such a background,
these stripes Starry because
today is the Day of the City of
Modesto in the USA and it is a sister city of my
city of Khmelnitsky, so today we
celebrate the Day of the sister city
when they  On our City Day we hang out the
Ukrainian flag And when is Modest Day we
hang out the
US flag And what sister
city does St. Petersburg have, is there the
US in the US I don't know, but it's cool You do
n't even know
How does it happen that as a
result of 3 years of a special military
operation  Ukraine is already taking out Russian
industrial facilities at a distance of up to
1000 kilometers, even up to
2000. Are you really in Ukraine?
Yes,
yes, you at all
it doesn't occur to me that your state is already doing something like that So we're all We're under the protection of the USA we'll become the fifty-first state Well, how does it turn out that you started yours And we'll take you out You'll become And we'll take you out We decided that you'll become the fifty-first state A now it can't if fortan then fifty first if not then fifty second or fifty third there are still Canada and Greenland in line they can just have priority order they are still last in line Well the thing is that we will most likely take them first Yes question to you yes how is that enough Yes, no need How does it happen yes What are you yes having started your desire to take Kyiv in 3 days now in 3 years clearing up these burning oil refinery in this in Ryazan Yes microelectronics plant in Bryansk plants in Tatarstan in Udmurtia How does it happen you at all you don't understand what's going on with you I don't understand that is the end of your state we won't have a state they won't have a bottom state and how does it turn out that now and  you won't have a state We
Yes your
state your mortgage was 7% now
27 Your key rate is
22% What happened to your economy as
a result of this war and we are
finishing you off you don't understand at all what
happened to your state I explain that Uva
paralysis of management as in the Soviet Union
at the end of its existence Yes, you have drawn in
some kind of specialist Yes, yes, I am a specialist,
look, I am advertising
a book to you here, Janusz Bugajski, this is a CIA employee,
wrote in the 2nd
year, the state cannot do it, instructions on
Shmatova, Russia, this is in Russian  instructions
for the dismemberment of Russia it
was published in English in 22M for you it is for
you not for us it is for the CIA for the CIA it is
generally Dana
it is for your society for your
society not for ours not this this
look this is an instruction Yes how to rule here
look You live  on this How to properly
destroy your Russian Federation and
we work on this simple complex Yes we
hit on your national issues on
religious issues on regional
issues on economic Yes and
look really uh news about some explosions on the territory of Russia and factories and shutdowns of factories have already become some kind of commonplace you will agree even the phrase Kursk region under occupation no longer interests anyone because everyone has already resigned themselves to the truth Kursk region under occupation under occupation yes under occupation What part of the Kursk region does not matter does not matter The point is that you have already you have already resigned yourself to the fact that this is a small part Yes, at half past five, now they wrote out part of the Kursk region from Russia, as if they do not exist, really, I agree, yes, this is not good, that's the question Why can't Russia show all the power of a sovereign state and return first of all this wanted wanted wanted wanted question Why are you all And where are you all everyone to whom I say yes Why can't Russia show power everyone starts And what would you like this yes I want you to our Khmelnitsky Kyiv, let's finally throw this nuclear bomb. Come on. Why don't you throw it? Why won't you throw it? Because you won't throw it. The red lines have been brown for a long time now. You have brown, purple, and so far as your opinion is concerned, everyone is purple. You understand. Got it.  look they used
to say that God forbid a strike on the
RIA and now they are
officially attacking with American missiles and
your Ministry of Defense officially says so many have been shot down so
many SOVs have been attacked there and there Everything is on fire
and they say so many have been shot down ATO
Komsomol
so How does this happen let's say where are these
red ones  lines that you finally, like
Khrushchev, hit the podium with a slipper and
say we will show you Kus'kino
mother Well, for this there is probably the
leadership of the country that decides when
this line will be crossed Well, you as a
citizen You came out here to talk
Why do you think your leadership should
talk  but not to solve the issue And how are you
good let's talk how How do you
think why your management very
quickly moves the red lines
towards the brown Spectrum here Really
Here you are sitting here
and thinking that you can
bend someone not just asked the question what is
burning
you ask for  management I
ask how do you sing How do you think
why is your management pushing back the
red line Well, answer your opinion
your state your state for
which you are  here here I raised my hand
yes yes
ae is being destroyed is decreasing everything Yes we have
everything yes we have everything We we as a state we have
everything We will no longer exist Yes no
no no no no we will be divided Poland
Hungary Russia Yes that's clear Yes all this is
decided yes Let's go now  let's talk about you
Why you yes We are all We will end the
existence of Ukraine And how does it turn out I
started to speak and why are you
interrupting me Why are your red lines
moving away I asked a
clear question So I am answering your question And
you are interrupting Come on listen I am
telling you  your state is simply
decreasing in
[music]
size I
can't do this mimicry it's not
mimicry it's mimicry Mimicry is
imitation in biology Oh so that's what
you have Some kind of
mockery you're mocking yourself
so if I mock myself
Why  nercha
you
absolutely you It triggers you for
some reason you turn to it like that you would
tell If it doesn't bother you three Why do
you come out here to chat roulette  Yeah,
yeah,
and don't talk about the fact that Guys, we have a
catastrophe and all that I'll say I'll say
because we've already realized we Oso Why have
we realized Everything because we know everything
about the catastrophe our state
will end the Moldovans will take
part the Romanians will take part the Poles Hungarians
Belarusians  Russian Yes, that's all, the question Yes, why are
you pushing back the red lines? What will happen?
Where is your hazel? You already know what
will happen.
Yes, why are your red lines pushing
back? Just answer the question. You just want to talk. Do you think that you will be listened to?
Look, I asked a clear question.
Why are your red lines?  lines are all
being pushed back, no strikes on
Russian territory Yes, no American weapons can
be supplied, no American weapons
can be delivered on Russian territory, no stepping outside
Russian territory Why are the red lines
being pushed back, you don't have a country Yes,
we don't argue with that, look Yes, I agree,
we don't have a country  our country
is destroyed everything FA 404 Everything we will end
our existence Explain to me now
Why why you see you have no
answer  because I drove you into a dead
end I just destroyed you no
reaction I just destroyed you Yes you
can't do anything I
destroyed you I smeared you
come on everyone subscribe to Telegram
right now axis VN
apok this is very and very important YouTube keeps
us busy via srr in  your ban and very many
videos are not shown to people sometimes do not show
information about streams so that
we Mali operational links are written
right now and while there in telegram okm
videos there are also interesting and useful information
and we are sorry for you constant
operational links
independently VD  that will show you about this
YouTube Glory to Ukraine
subscribe N